com.fine.friendlycc.bean.AccostEntity -> AccostBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.AccostItemEntity -> AccostItemBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.AdBannerEntity -> AdBannerBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.AddressCityEntity -> AddressCityBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.AddressCityItemEntity -> AddressCityItemBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.AddressEntity -> AddressBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.AdItemEntity -> AdItemBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.AdUserBannerEntity -> AdUserBannerBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.AdUserItemEntity -> AdUserItemBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.AlbumPhotoEntity -> AlbumPhotoBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.AllConfigEntity -> AllConfigBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ApiConfigManagerEntity -> ApiConfigManagerBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ApplyMessageEntity -> ApplyMessageBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.AudioCallingBarrageEntity -> AudioCallingBarrageBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.AuthLoginTokenEntity -> AuthLoginTokenBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.AuthLoginUserEntity -> AuthLoginUserBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.BannerItemEntity -> BannerItemBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.BaseUserBeanEntity -> BaseUserBeanBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.BlackEntity -> BlackBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.BonusGoodsEntity -> BonusGoodsBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.BoradCastMessageEntity -> BoradCastMessageBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.BroadcastBeanEntity -> BroadcastBeanBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.BroadcastEntity -> BroadcastBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.BroadcastListEntity -> BroadcastListBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.BrowseNumberEntity -> BrowseNumberBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.BubbleEntity -> BubbleBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.CallingInfoEntity -> CallingInfoBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.CallingStatusEntity -> CallingStatusBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.CashWalletEntity -> CashWalletBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ChatDetailCoinEntity -> ChatDetailCoinBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ChatRedPackageEntity -> ChatRedPackageBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.CheckNicknameEntity -> CheckNicknameBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ChooseAreaEntity -> ChooseAreaBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ChooseAreaItemEntity -> ChooseAreaItemBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.CityAllEntity -> CityAllBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.CoinPusherBalanceDataEntity -> CoinPusherBalanceDataBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.CoinPusherConverInfoEntity -> CoinPusherConverInfoBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.CoinPusherDataInfoEntity -> CoinPusherDataInfoBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.CoinPusherRoomHistoryEntity -> CoinPusherRoomHistoryBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.CoinPusherRoomInfoEntity -> CoinPusherRoomInfoBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.CoinPusherRoomTagInfoEntity -> CoinPusherRoomTagInfoBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.CoinWalletEntity -> CoinWalletBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.CommentEntity -> CommentBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.CommentMessageEntity -> CommentMessageBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.CompareFaceEntity -> CompareFaceBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ConfigItemEntity -> ConfigItemBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.CreateOrderEntity -> CreateOrderBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.CrystalDetailsConfigEntity -> CrystalDetailsConfigBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.CustomMessageIMTextEntity -> CustomMessageIMTextBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.CustonImgVideoEntity -> CustonImgVideoBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.DatingObjItemEntity -> DatingObjItemBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.DayRewardInfoEntity -> DayRewardInfoBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.DemoEntity -> DemoBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.DiamondInfoEntity -> DiamondInfoBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.DiamondPaySuccessEntity -> DiamondPaySuccessBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.EjectConfigEntity -> EjectConfigBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.EjectEntity -> EjectBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.EjectSignInEntity -> EjectSignInBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.EvaluateConfigEntity -> EvaluateConfigBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.EvaluateEntity -> EvaluateBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.EvaluateItemEntity -> EvaluateItemBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.EvaluateMessageEntity -> EvaluateMessageBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.EvaluateObjEntity -> EvaluateObjBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ExchangeEntity -> ExchangeBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ExchangeIntegraEntity -> ExchangeIntegraBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ExchangeIntegraOuterEntity -> ExchangeIntegraOuterBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ExclusiveAccostInfoEntity -> ExclusiveAccostInfoBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.FaceVerifyResultEntity -> FaceVerifyResultBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.FaceVerifyTokenEntity -> FaceVerifyTokenBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.FemaleEntity -> FemaleBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.FormEntity -> FormBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.GameCoinWalletEntity -> GameCoinWalletBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.GameConfigEntity -> GameConfigBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.GamePayEntity -> GamePayBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.GamePhotoAlbumEntity -> GamePhotoAlbumBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.GetInviteCodeEntity -> GetInviteCodeBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.GiftBagAdapterEntity -> GiftBagAdapterBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.GiftBagEntity -> GiftBagBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.GiveMessageEntity -> GiveMessageBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.GiveUserBeanEntity -> GiveUserBeanBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.GoldDetailEntity -> GoldDetailBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.GoodsEntity -> GoodsBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.HopeEntity -> HopeBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ImSigEntity -> ImSigBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.IMTransUserEntity -> IMTransUserBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ImUserSigEntity -> ImUserSigBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.IsChatEntity -> IsChatBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ItemEvaluateEntity -> ItemEvaluateBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ItemUserEntity -> ItemUserBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.LevelApiEntity -> LevelApiBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.LevelPageInfoEntity -> LevelPageInfoBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.LevelSelectInfoEntity -> LevelSelectInfoBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.LikeRecommendEntity -> LikeRecommendBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.LocalMessageIMEntity -> LocalMessageIMBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.MallWithdrawTipsInfoEntity -> MallWithdrawTipsInfoBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.MediaGallerySwitchEntity -> MediaGallerySwitchBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.MediaPayPerConfigEntity -> MediaPayPerConfigBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.MessageChatNumberEntity -> MessageChatNumberBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.MessageGroupEntity -> MessageGroupBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.MessageRuleEntity -> MessageRuleBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.MessageTagEntity -> MessageTagBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.MqBroadcastGiftEntity -> MqBroadcastGiftBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.MqBroadcastGiftUserEntity -> MqBroadcastGiftUserBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.MqGiftDataEntity -> MqGiftDataBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.MyCardOrderEntity -> MyCardOrderBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.NewsEntity -> NewsBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.NoteInfoEntity -> NoteInfoBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.OccupationConfigItemEntity -> OccupationConfigItemBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.OverseasUserEntity -> OverseasUserBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ParkItemEntity -> ParkItemBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.PhotoAlbumEntity -> PhotoAlbumBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.PhotoAlbumItemEntity -> PhotoAlbumItemBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.PriceConfigEntity -> PriceConfigBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.PrivacyEntity -> PrivacyBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ProfitMessageEntity -> ProfitMessageBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.PushSettingEntity -> PushSettingBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.RadioFilterItemEntity -> RadioFilterItemBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.RadioTwoFilterItemEntity -> RadioTwoFilterItemBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.RankListItemEntity -> RankListItemBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.RecommendUserEntity -> RecommendUserBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.RestartActivityEntity -> RestartActivityBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.RoleInfoEntity -> RoleInfoBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ShowFloatWindowEntity -> ShowFloatWindowBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.SignMessageEntity -> SignMessageBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.SignsBeanEntity -> SignsBeanBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.SoundEntity -> SoundBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.StatusEntity -> StatusBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.SwiftMessageEntity -> SwiftMessageBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.SwitchesEntity -> SwitchesBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.SystemConfigContentEntity -> SystemConfigContentBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.SystemConfigEntity -> SystemConfigBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.SystemConfigTaskEntity -> SystemConfigTaskBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.SystemMessageEntity -> SystemMessageBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.SystemRoleMoneyConfigEntity -> SystemRoleMoneyConfigBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.TagEntity -> TagBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.TaskAdEntity -> TaskAdBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.TaskConfigEntity -> TaskConfigBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.TaskConfigItemEntity -> TaskConfigItemBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.TaskConfigListEntity -> TaskConfigListBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.TaskRewardReceiveEntity -> TaskRewardReceiveBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ThemeConfigItemEntity -> ThemeConfigItemBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ThemeItemDetailEntity -> ThemeItemDetailBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ThemeItemEntity -> ThemeItemBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.TokenEntity -> TokenBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.TopicalDetailEntity -> TopicalDetailBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.TopicalListEntity -> TopicalListBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.ToUserHomeEntity -> ToUserHomeBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.TraceEntity -> TraceBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.UnReadMessageNumEntity -> UnReadMessageNumBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.UserCoinItemEntity -> UserCoinItemBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.UserConnMicStatusEntity -> UserConnMicStatusBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.UserDataEntity -> UserDataBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.UserDetailEntity -> UserDetailBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.UserInfoEntity -> UserInfoBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.UserProfitPageEntity -> UserProfitPageBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.UserProfitPageInfoEntity -> UserProfitPageInfoBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.UserRemarkEntity -> UserRemarkBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.VersionEntity -> VersionBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.VipInfoEntity -> VipInfoBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.VipPackageItemEntity -> VipPackageItemBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.WebViewDataEntity -> WebViewDataBean
com.fine.friendlycc.bean.WithdrawNumberEntity -> WithdrawNumberBean
com.fine.friendlycc.widget.picchoose.PicChooseItemEntity -> PicChooseItemBean
